Hi,

After an exciting and memorable stint with Genpact, I am bidding adieu to the company today. It’s been very special and I have many fond memories that I’ll always carry with me.

As I look back, I joined Genpact in June 2012 (SMART DECISION LAB) with VERITAS(Previously SYMANTEC) engagement and what a fantastic ride the last 6+ years have been for me! I am fortunate and I thank my managers for providing me the opportunity to work in various challenging assignments. Learning under your guidance has been an enriching and enjoyable experience that helped me shape my career from where I started. I hope I have been able to make my little contribution to Genpact in these last few years.

The friendships that I‘ve made will never be forgotten and I want to thank each and every one of you for your support and for touching my life. Memories will always remain. Memories of joy and success; Memories of the support and effort that you gave me throughout this period.
Specially, I would like to thank N. Murali, Sourav Banik, Abhijit Roy, Randhawa Mantej, Chetan Kumar R, Joans Vimal, Sivakumar Sellamuthu, Parameshwara Hegde, Sugantha Rajakumari, Mani Iyer & Manish Srivastava M for providing me an opportunity to work on various accounts (like VERITAS (Symantec), PANASONIC and more) and also for their support, guidance and encouragement.
I would specially thank my managers Chetan Kumar R & Joans Vimal for their great support in every moment I spent in Genpact.
For all this and more, I can only say a simple ‘THANK YOU’. Through this journey, it is possible some of you may have felt hurt or upset with me, even angry and more. My apologies for the same and the assurance that I leave with only goodwill for each one of you. A special thank you to my team members for being part of my team. Thank you for your belief in me. 
Although I greatly enjoyed working for this company, and with all of you, I am looking forward to the new challenge and to start a new phase in my career. I wish you all the very best in life. As I leave, I go out as a strong brand ambassador of Genpact.
You can connect with me on sreeram.illa@gmail.com or 9739736478.


