Position : SQL developer

Location : Herndon VA

Duration : Contract


The primary skill requirement is for database development (MS SQL Server).
Experience in SSIS and SSRS
VB.Net is to be used only for 10% of the project.
The main work is around SQL Server database.
The candidates are expected to know the basic DB transactions, performance tuning (not at a DBA level but should have exposure to query tuning), tables, triggers, etc.

Qualifications

null

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

20 days ago
Indeed helps people get jobs: Over 10 million stories shared
For India jobs, visit Indeed India
Jobs - Career Advice - Hiring Lab - Browse Jobs - Tools - Employer Events - Work at Indeed - About - Help Center

4-8 years of experience in development of enterprise level software using .NET technologies. • Minimum 3 years of programming experience with SQL server 2012/2014; Complete BI Suite, including SSIS, SSRS and SSAS. Must have good understanding of data warehouse methodologies including ETL testing, data integration, database testing and application performance tuning • Good knowledge/experience with ETL processing and familiarity with Team Foundation Server (TFS). Experience with data visualization tools such as Power Pivot, PowerBI and Tableau • Proficiency in developing reports with tools like SSRS, Crystal Reports. • 2+ years of experience with package implementation or with Microsoft Dynamics products • 2+ years of cloud experience preferably in Microsoft Azure • 3+ years of SQL development experience, experience with SQL and Stored Procedures • 3+ years experienced with developing, designing, enhancements & maintaining database systems, data integrity, hands on performance tuning, data modeling and coordination of multiple database systems. • Ability to perform assigned analytical and development tasks under supervision; ability to handle concurrent or multiple tasks/projects efficiently. • Good communication skills, collaborative work style. Ability to work effectively in a team environment and interact with internal customers, peers, and management. • Microsoft Certified Solution Developer status is a plus.


Additional Information

This position is open to qualified persons with a disability who are eligible for the 55-a Program. Please indicate in your cover letter that you would like to be considered for the position under the 55-a Program.


Responsibilities:
'Should be responsible to technically support the entire Hosting platform applications servers etc and responsible to deliver quality supportservices to clients in an efficient manner Should be capable of working on multiple technologies SSIS SSRS SSASStrong communication skills and should have the strong client facing skillThe individual should have strong experience in understanding business requirements and translating to functional technical requirements
Basic Qualifications:
Should have strong knowledge on MSBI skills such as SQL SSISSSRS and SSAS
Respond to support tickets from clients and colleagues within agreed SLA and resolve support tickets in a fast
Keep support requester updated on the progress of resolving their support ticket
Knowledge on Net Scripting
Can able to identify bugs and coordinate with Dev team
Provide necessary inputs on the data and functional changes to the development team
6 days ago

The purpose of this position is to perform SQL Development functions including: design new or enhance existing enterprise database systems, maintain or develop critical databases processes, perform unit and system testing, perform support and help desk tasks. The position is responsible for creating SSRS reports by collaborating with management team. This position is also responsible for ETL functions between a multitude of relational databases and external data files.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Program in T-SQL with relational databases including currently supported versions of Microsoft SQL Server
Write SQL queries using Joins, Cross Apply, Aggregate Queries, Merge, Pivot
Develop and maintain Stored Procedures, Functions and Views
Design normalized database tables with proper indexing and constraints
Perform SQL query tuning and performance optimization on complex inefficient queries
Use table variable, temporary table, CTE appropriately to deal with large datasets
Analyze queries for any deadlock resulting due to conflicts
Collaborate with DBA on database design and performance enhancements
Participate in all phases of the software development life cycle in a team environment
Debug existing code and troubleshoot for issues
Develop and maintain database processes such as MPower tactics, MPower activity code restrictions and business rules, Agent Jobs, letter and automated call logic
Translate business requirements into report designs by collaborating with management
Develop Microsoft SSRS reports using latest version of Visual Studio and TFS
Create reports in tabular, matrix, chart, and free-form report layouts
Use interactive reporting features by providing links to sub-reports and drill-through reports
Automate report distribution through standard and data-driven subscriptions
Maintain existing data warehouse for reporting and data analytics
Design, develop, test and document ETL processes
Develop data cleansing routines utilizing typical data quality functions involving standardization, transformation, rationalization, linking and matching
Develop or maintain SSIS Packages
Keep up-to-date with the latest database features, techniques, and technologies
Support current business applications including the implementation of bug fixes as needed
Able to multi-task and adapt to shifting priorities
Able to meet deadlines set in project planning
Communicate progress through the project execution phase
Follow industry and company standard coding practices
Produce technical and application documentation
Test database process feature enhancements and bug fixes
Produce quality deliverables upon deployment
Perform application support using third party Help Desk systems such as Kayako
Assist support analysts with issues they are unable to resolve
Ensure customer satisfaction by meeting customer needs in a courteous and timely manner

QUALIFICATIONS:
Minimum 5 years of work related experience in T-SQL, SSRS and ETL. If candidate has relevant education in computer science, computer information systems, or related field, lack of experience can be supplemented by education as follows:
Microsoft Certifications – 1 year
Associate’s Degree – 1 year
Bachelor’s Degree – 2 years
Master’s Degree – 3 years
Experience in developing, maintaining and supporting database processes using Microsoft SQL Server with emphasis on .NET technologies.
Proficient with one or more of the following; T-SQL, SSRS, SSIS, SSAS, Data warehousing, ETL
Demonstrated ability to perform above listed essential job functions.

This job description is to serve as a guide but no way is it to be considered a comprehensive list of task, duties and responsibilities that will be required by the employee.

To join our team of 2,000 employees and growing, please apply directly to this posting.
Responsibilities
Work with clients to define business requirements for complex systems (both new and existing).
Write new programs and enhance existing programs to meet standards.
File import/export and data transformation.
Primary skills/technologies used: ETL, Data Warehousing, SQL Server, Microsoft SSIS (Integration Services), and SSRS (Reporting Services).
Work with functional Business Analyst's and Developer's to understand and integrate business functionality into conversion code.
Perform data mapping between current data elements and system standard conversion elements.
Responsible for coding, testing, debuging, documenting and implementing new systems and/or changes to existing systems per the business requirements and program standards.
Research, analyze, and identify systemic problems and root causes, and develop resolution.
Implement program changes following documented change control procedures.
Coordinate and perform unit, system, and model office testing associated with any project.
Provide on-call or after-hours application / technical suppor on rotation. Rotation is currently one week for every 6 weeks.
Minimum Qualifications
Technical degree or Associate degree in a technical field required or 2 years comparable work experience required.
A minimum of 4 years of SQL programming and analysis experience required.
Experience with SQL Skills in Microsoft SSIS (Integration Services) and SSRS (Reporting Services).
Understanding of data warehouse star schema concepts.
Data Warehousing experience preferred.
VB.NET experience is not required but would be beneficial.
What We Do
GDC IT Solutions (GDC) is a full-service IT Staffing and Information Technology (IT) company providing solutions that empower businesses to increase employee productivity, maximize investments, and improve operational efficiencies. With experienced and certified professionals, we deliver services in the areas of application development, data center, 24/7 multilingual service desk, desktop lifecycle management, project management, business process consulting, and IT staff augmentation.

Why Work for GDC?

Compreh


Overall Responsibility for SQL Developer:

Developing and maintaining Stored Procedures for the Credible platform.
Developing and delivering standard & custom reports for customers.
Troubleshooting and optimizing existing SQL code.
Supporting various data imports and exports and troubleshooting performance issues off-hours as needed.
Monitoring and optimizing the performance of the databases.
Position Qualifications:

5+ years of experience with MS SQL Server.
Microsoft SQL Server 2017/2012/2008/2005.
Experience with complex Stored Procedures and strong T-SQL skills.
3+ years of experience studying, analyzing, and optimizing Execution Plans.
3+ years of experience with SSRS (previous experience with Crystal Reports or similar software okay).
Experience writing stored procedures that join several tables and return large volumes of data.
Strong analytical thinkers.
Candidate must be able to work independently with little or no supervision.
Candidate must have excellent written and verbal communication.
Someone who can drive processes independently.
Analytical and problem-solving skills.
SQL Server Management Studio.
The following skills and experience are a plus:

Web applications
Data integrations (e.g., VPN, API)
Data Modeling
Working with remote teams
Agile/scrum experience
SQL Server Analytical Services (SSAS)
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
SQL Clustering
Log Shipping
Experience with DB tools like Red Gate, SQL Sentry, etc
Familiarity with the .NET Framework
NoSQL experience (SOLR, MongoDB, etc)
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/related field or equivalent work experience
Credible is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, national origin or any other characteristic protected under fe

Nor-Am Cold Storage is currently seeking a SQL Developer and ETL Specialist with 3-5+ years’ experience extracting data from a variety of platforms, performing data mapping, data transformation, and loading data to the target system. The position requires strong system and process analysis, ETL (SSIS), and T-SQL skills. This is an on-site or remote two to three-month contract position, with possible renewal.

Responsibilities

Design database objects as necessary to meet ongoing business needs for reporting
Tables, Views, Stored Procedures, Functions, Jobs, etc.
Maintain and support existing stored procedures, functions, views, etc.
Support Provider data repository functionality and cleanup effort
Support QC data integration; query existing data to produce properly formatted text files based on design specs provided
Document new ETL processes
Design, build, test, and execute ETL packages (using SSIS)
Automate ETL jobs for recurring imports
Create data file extractions and scripts (using T-SQL) to perform data related imports and data related tasks
Work with data owners to understand legacy data and gather data requirements from the business. Be able to produce detailed data mapping documents
Perform data analysis and recommend data optimization/performance opportunities
Other duties assigned as needed
Preferred Qualifications:

3+ years of experience writing multi-threaded .Net C# applications for servers or APIs
3+ years of advanced experience using Microsoft SQL Server, SSAS, SSRS, SSIS, and TSQL languages. (SQL Server 2016 preferred)
3+ years Microsoft ASP.NET MVC (C# v7.0 experience preferred) Experience developing high volume web systems with backend SQL Server databases
Experience with HTML, CSS & JavaScript
Applicant must have a solid understanding of network and message processing technologies including HTTP, TCP/IP, TELNET, and Sockets
Extensive experience developing queries, reports, and forms in database programs.
Must demonstrate knowledge of ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) concepts
Must have prior experience developing ETL programs using SSIS
Experience retrieving data from various database platforms, web service APIs, flat files, Google Sheets, etc.
Data Modeling – understanding of normalization, transactional vs. reporting driven design
Complex Query Design
Stored Procedures, Views, Functions
SSMS
SQL Agent – Job creation, schedule creation
SSIS – Design, develop, test and deploy packages
The successful candidate will also demonstrate the following abilities:

Independent Decision Making: Ability to work autonomously with little supervision and a high attention to detail and quality. Candidate must be self-motivated. Uses analysis, consistent rationality and objectivity when making decisions. Anticipates consequences of judgments.
Adaptable: The ability to find solutions and deliver results within a rapid fast changing, technology-driven culture.
Results Oriented: Motivated and able to juggle the dueling needs of a ‘best’ and ‘fastest’ solution. Not interested in the academic process of coding so much as the bottom line impact.
Communication (written & oral): Must have strong interpersonal skills and the ability to establish, develop and maintain business relationships, as well as the ability to work collaboratively with cross functional teams including the ability to explain technical concepts to end-users and non-technical staff is required.
Job Type: Contract

Exp

Jr/Sr SQL Developer
The Jr. or Sr. SQL Developer, working with the Information Technology Department, will join a Business Intelligence Team responsible for the implementation and support of reporting solutions and insights into data that drive business goals.

The right person will be a collaborative individual focused on delivering relevant and innovative technology to elevate the information capabilities of the department. They should be technically competent with ETL Development using SSIS, Multidimensional cube development using SSAS, and report development in SSRS/Power BI.

Responsibilities

Maintain, design and develop complex ETL data loading packages using Microsoft SSIS 2012+.
Maintain, design and develop multidimensional cubes using MDX and Microsoft SSAS 2012+.
Provide production support of Data Warehouse ETL Jobs as well as other SQL jobs.
Design, construct, deploy, test, and support standard reports, dashboards, self-service queries and data visualizations using either Microsoft SSRS or Power BI tools.
Maintain Performance Point Dashboard on SharePoint 2013+.
Complete quality assurance on data, resolving inconsistent or erroneous data, ensuring the accuracy of data used in the analyses, investigation and response to ad-hoc data analysis questions from Business users.
Create technical/design specifications based on business requirements in clear and concise formats.
Maintain the data structure, ETL package, and Reports through proper change management
Attend and participate in requirements review, design review, project status, QA defect tracking, and other project meetings as needed with stakeholders.
Jr. SQL Qualifications

This position requires a Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience.

Ability to create tables, indexes, keys, constraints, triggers, views, stored procedures, and functions to facilitate efficient data manipulation, integration, and consistency on SQL Server 2012+.
Knowledge of creating Dimensional Data Models. (star schema, Kimball)
Experience in creating, maintaining and managing SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2012+.
Hands-on experience in C# scripting. (inside SSIS packages)
Experience in creating, maintaining and managing SQL Server Integration (SSIS) 2012+ packages.
Follow approved Software development life cycle(SDLC) methodologies, create design documents, and perform program coding.

Ability to communicate and work effectively with others.
Should be familiar with SCRUM/Agile development Concept.
Should be familiar with Object Oriented Programming Concept.
Sr. SQL Qualifications are in addition to the JR. SQL Qualifications

5+ years’ experience as a SQL Developer
Experience with Microsoft BI Stack – SQL Server DBMS, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Hands-on experience in the creation and usage of Dimensional Data Models (star schema, Kimball)
Experience with Power BI Stack a plus.
Knowledge of Microsoft BI Stack – including MS SQL 2017 Stack.
3+ years of Data Warehousing experience
Experienced with source control applications (TFS)
Experience on SharePoint 2013 (Performance Point Dashboard Design)
2+ years of experience in Dot Net Framework

Experience
Required
1 year(s): SQL Experience
Education
Preferred
Bachelors or better in Information Technology


Piper Companies is looking for a SQL BI Developer for a direct hire opportunity in Ellicott City, MD. The SQL BI Developer will sit on our client’s Business Intelligence team and will assist in the design and development of data feeds, interfaces, data warehouses and enterprise reporting. To be successful, the SQL BI Developer will demonstrate a strong working knowledge of extract, transform, and load (ETL) development using SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS). In addition, you will have the opportunity to consult with non-technical business customers to determine requirements and apply the business rules to the data. This individual will work closely with internal departments and counterparts within health plans during implementation and through ongoing operations.


What you'll be doing:

Design, develop, debug and support complex data integration interfaces and processes (including stored procedure and queries) using various tools and technologies including SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, T-SQL, MSBI, ASP.Net, VB.Net, PowerShell, C# and SQL Server technology
Translate business requirements into technical documents and build or redesign existing applications and report dashboards by evaluating integration needs, migration of data between the two systems and building and new data visualizations that meets user expectation
Analyze workflow charts and diagrams and translate operations requirements into technical designs to map and automate data load from source systems to data warehouses, downstream applications and trading partners
Lead the analysis, development, testing and maintenance of complex ETL for NoSQL database like MongoDB
Support offshore development team with future development needs and provide guidance on the technical abilities and limitations based on their strong wealth of knowledge.
Deploy new upgrades and releases in production
Enhance and maintain relational databases to support new application features and maintain data repository with data definitions, relationships, linkages and sources
Analyze workflow charts and diagrams and translate operations requirements into technical designs to map and automate data load from source systems to data warehouses, downstream applications, and trading partners

What we're looking for:

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or equivalent experience.
4+ years of experience utilizing Microsoft technologies in development and operation of Data Warehouse, ETL, and application integration solutions via Microsoft SSIS.
In-depth knowledge of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Knowledge in SQL Queries and Stored Procedure writing.
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) experience.
Experience working with EDI files (834, 837) helpful.
Experience working within the health care or insurance industries preferred.
MSBI Certification is a plus

Salary and Benefits:

Salary range between $100,000-$120,000 a year with flexibility commensurate on experience
Full Benefits including: Health, Vision, Dental, 401k, PTO

Please send resumes to Joseph Gros at jgros@pipercompanies.com

Zachary Piper Solutions - 30+ days ago
